https://codepen.io/paullowejr/pen/JjYMmgW?editors=1000

 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML gives meaning to HTML 

2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML creates the foundation of a webpage

3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute gives information about an element.  This goes after
    the element.  

4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    This tag is used for the main title.  It should be used once.

5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img and anchor

6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    <header>

7. What is an id? 
    Defines one element

8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    It can be added to any element

9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Once

10. What is a class? 
    A class defines more than one element
    
11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    It can be added to any element

12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    More than once

13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    add target="_blank" to the anchor tag
    
14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    If the image doesn't display, the alternative will display

15. How do I reference an id?
    #

16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    sections is for a specific section on a page.  div just shows division and is not semantic.

17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS adds style to the webpage

18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    Type the element for example h2

19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    Classes style multiple element.  Id's style one element. So you can have all of the text in a div be red.  But you can id one paragraph in the div and make it blue.

20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .

21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    <p class=human></p>

22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    Selects all elements that are a direct child of the parent element. lists, ordered lists and unordered lists

23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar

24. What is a pseudo selector?
    This is added to a selector to make a special state

25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height

26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing

27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform

28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }

29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *

30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* */

31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd

32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm Because there is not safe guard.

34. Why should I use version control? 
    Because if you mess something up, you can recall earlier versions

35. How often should I commit to github?
    Every time you do something big or about 20 minutes.

36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push

37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    - Fork the repo
    -Add TL as a collaborator
    -Clone the Repo
    -Make a branch using git checkout -b 'firstName-lastName'
    -Submit the project into the new branch.
    -Use your own fork as the base.
    -Add their TL as a reviewer.
    -TL will merge the Project back into the Master.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 